but there is no doubt that these move
groups are growing all the time because
of the economic situation in both Europe
and in the United States in Europe
within the European Union most of the
countries of Western Europe about 385
million people unemployment is at twelve
percent which translates into 20 million
people unemployed these people are
resentful they are looking for reasons
for their condition and they are of
course scapegoating as they always have
the same thing or something similar is
happening in the United States with the
export of millions of jobs the
especially the white men with less
education and less skills are wondering
what it's all about they are bewildered
they are alienated and they are angry as
you know very well and these are the
millions of people from on whom from
this great pool that the militia
movement can draw on and this to me is
the real danger in the years ahead
because these militias here in the
United States are the potential
Brownshirts of the coming years and all
they lack really is a leader a
charismatic leader